README.md, before:

# nvim
Neovim config files.

Based on https://www.chrisatmachine.com/Neovim/01-vim-plug/

Install Neovim simply by downloading the latest nvim.appimage and creating a symlink to run nvim via 'nv':  
sudo ln -s ~/programs/nvim/nvim.appimage /usr/bin/nv

## Manual changes
~./config/nvim/autoload/... is ignored, so any changes done in there need to be manually applied.

- material.vim colors (.../autoload/plugged/material.vim). Visualize colors under: http://lawlesscreation.github.io/hex-color-visualiser/
  - make the material.vim background black
    modify line 88 to 'gui': '#000000'
  - increase material.vim line number & comment brightness
    modify line 91, 94 to e.g. 'gui': '#888888' (ln) and '#777777' (comm)


## Autocompletion
Two options are available in vim-plug/plugins.vim

## TODO
- [OpenAI-Codex-based autocompletion](https://github.com/jameshiew/nvim-magic) - its actually added but commented. Consider creating an alias for *nv* instead of having to export OPENAI_API_KEY before running nvim.  
- [Debugging](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap) - setup keybindings; configure home directory.  
- [ShellCheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck) - shell script syntax checking


## Resources:
- [List of plugins](https://github.com/rockerBOO/awesome-neovim#preconfigured-configurations)

Commit message:

added nvim-dap keybindings; TODO: fix using active env. by nvim-dap

README.md, after:

# nvim
Neovim config files.

Directory structure etc. based on https://www.chrisatmachine.com/Neovim/01-vim-plug/

Install Neovim simply by downloading the latest nvim.appimage from:
https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/tag/v0.6.1

Create a symlink to run nvim via 'nv':
sudo ln -s ~/programs/nvim/nvim.appimage /usr/bin/nv

## Manual changes
~./config/nvim/autoload/... is ignored, so any changes done in there need to be manually applied.

- material.vim colors (.../autoload/plugged/material.vim). Visualize colors under: http://lawlesscreation.github.io/hex-color-visualiser/
  - make the material.vim background black
    modify line 88 to 'gui': '#000000'
  - increase material.vim line number & comment brightness
    modify line 91, 94 to e.g. 'gui': '#888888' (ln) and '#777777' (comm)


## Autocompletion
Two options are available in vim-plug/plugins.vim


## TODO
- [Debugging](https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap) - fix the error (?) that when using the env. created specifically for debugpy (as suggested in nvim-dap installation instructions) that env. is used while debugging instead of the active one.
- [OpenAI-Codex-based autocompletion](https://github.com/jameshiew/nvim-magic) - its actually added but commented. Consider creating an alias for *nv* instead of having to export OPENAI_API_KEY before running nvim.
- [ShellCheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck) - shell script syntax checking


## Resources:
- [List of plugins](https://github.com/rockerBOO/awesome-neovim#preconfigured-configurations)
